ansa la oranje did not impact
he was strong and competitive very important pacific he lost
in the whole district
how each one
important as the leader
in the activity last Thursday something more current is quite broad
the club as for me
of box office performance
there are people who for example
this tour the nation only per capita
Bogota and she is jealous because we are all year long, it was also a
enthusiastic atmosphere fell on the subject of video products of children suffering from
asthma in fact one year the choir and who
about
hear now that it is fashionable
topics of mutual interest Mariana giving a little bit does health very well
maintains
with mutilation on everything and that's good the Muslim brotherhood in the
military facet also important
they do not matter
it is not necessary to have a beach
a pool or everything is very difficult everywhere the crossbow arrival
this afternoon
accompanied by the mothers plus it also creates an area
the text does not a few days ago at sea
son of a family the immediate question this practice
there are more than 50 70 70 years
economic to practice acts is never late the best of all that you have there is no
victims
dennis lehane the news is difficult will start to generate up to 1
when analyzing the report that he told us last spoke about the benefits
hardly
my life is not necessary
swimming dances
is one of those activities that you chose so that
although some sport
The experts
icahn this discipline is much more than that
Sherry swimming is considered one of the most complete sports
this
cardiovascular p additionally this one for those who suffer from asthma is the
only way to
to swear his office is a sport
cabbage super full of santoro muscles rehabilitation other environment
in that place in a natural environment of the human being that is on earth run the
swimming is a sport that so much wind so much to adult children
Elderly
special guys
swimming is for everyone do not marginalize us ips
alicia asthma treatment
It is also recommended for seniors and children with
disability the case for example of senior citizen because he
would you recommend rotation
because it's a sport this is done
Alberto to the heart to speak cardiovascular system
to circulation
sad is apart
in our ortega organs like running or cycling
Shoulder walking is very good too but
swimming is much more complete 3
you take your power co
then of 13 your body
Well, until we walk in the water is good, we stress that it has problems of
bones arthritis or something haidar style and a little the nation and let's relax
a little the muscles if it would help a lot but it has to be in in waters
tempered not
I did not get to perform in cold water
in 2011 despite the onslaught all for its locomotion movement its
coordination
and at night because of its ocean front by breathing where it breathes is
important that it be so
percent the inhaler and exhale new school or as far as the kids are concerned
does very well in a big way
for mothers they have to bring their children not only will help them solve
the allergic problems that afflict them
but also socialize it among other things
I started by archenemy percent
Adams needs cured earthquakes
amate that proposed the for being that they have in turn contained
Arias has the allergy problem
It was also one of the reasons that prompted me to bring it
for n
help her little has like
meningitis like this
and that is all that makes everything take into account but most of all why
it's like that I need time for just then I've got him room
I see that since he is only 13 years old
the conseller has responded that it would be optimal state they put him prisoner
and I think that the evils that the
as long as it has always been good
I like 15 much harder 18
nowadays
there are many heated pools
has already made young children and adults not only practice
p because in summer ciu come back one more discipline
peralada will be done now I know the promises of the six months
a program of right mom or dad should
what's in it for what
feel in the water as is another environment
the French director
went into the water to leave it
begins to give as regards the three four years are already accustomed
2 as well a 10-year-old boy by asking for such water
delights houston advocated not knowing how to do ccppc now not
I listen to martial arts offers help the character
the discipline
as well as running
walk in important order
at this point of life
is to do sport
and if he does it well
and I do not care what sport is
Healthy mind in healthy body